321CB Ionica Stefan-Theodor

The auction house uses is composed of the parts: the server and the clients.

The server represents the main application, where users can connect and bid on products. A client
will use the jar "Client.jar", which connects the the server through a socket (8080). The server
creates a server thread for each client.

The client uses a command line interface to communicate with the server. The command list can be
found in the "commands" file. If an user wants to use the the applications, the following command
is written in the terminal: java -jar Client.jar. For the client, there are two thread one for
reading the input to the server and one writing to the server.

The main application stores its data in a MySQL database. Only the administrator has an account for
the database. The clients and the brokers have their credentials stored in tables (their usernames
and the hashes of their passwords). For hashing the passwords I have used the sha512 algorithm from
DigestUtils by Apache Commons. Throughout the project, I have used the Lombok library so the
Getters, Setters, Equals methods are generated by annotations and, to simplify the workflow, I have
used lambdas and streams.

The thread safety of the auction house is guaranteed by the use of ConcurrentHashMaps for storing
product, logged clients and brokers etc.

I used different Design Patterns. The first one is Singleton for the RealAuctionHouse, so that there
is only one instance of the auction house in the application. To ensure thread safety, I chose Bill
Pugh's Singleton implementation with an static inner class (when the getInstance method is called
for the first time, only then the instance is created).
For each type of user (Administrator, Broker, Client) I have created a proxy and the functionalities
of the RealAuctionHouse are filtered depending on the user. A proxy is created for each user when
the user is created.
For creating the a client or a product, because they are attributes, I chose to implement a static
inner builder for each one of them. Because the Client and the Product are abstract and they cannot
be instantiated, their builders are also abstract and extended in the classes that can be
instantiated (e.g. Client contains ClientBuilder -> Individual[extends Client] contains
IndividualBuilder[extends ClientBuilder]).
For the Client and Product classes I have also used the Factory Design Pattern so creating an object
is much easier.
Awaiting the next update, for the bidding system, I have implemented a Strategy pattern, so the
client can choose between AutoBid and ManualBid. For now this feature is still in progress.

The client can see all the products that have not been sold, whereas the broker can see only the
products that have been sold. No products are present in the auction house until the administrator
loads them.

In the "tests" folder, you can find Unit Tests and the 10 required manual tests
(com.auction_system.AuctionTest).